You mentioned God God's spelled backwards is dog
how's that for a transition and a, you know,
a Musk and a Tesla are at least a little bit curious about
a coin called dos coin, right?
You made a video directed to Ilan on how to improve Dorsch coin.
What are your ideas for making doge coin even better than it
already is?
Well, you know, don't you go and just base,
it's a F it's like that nine inch nails song, a copy of a copy of a copy.
It's just a copy of a copy. It's a Bitcoin gave light coin,
light coin gave doge coin and it was kind of a parody cryptocurrency.
And I think Jackson was trying to do it to like prove a point about all coins
and then true to form,
like nobody caught the doctrine and completely perverted the entire religion.
It's almost like the emperor of man and Warhammer 40 caves like this atheist
don't worship me.
And now there's like this whole religion built around the emperor.
So doge coin has become a thing and it's become such a large thing that it is a
reasonable target for somebody to fix it up and repair it and make it an
interesting cryptocurrency.
The point of the video was to show what a modern third-generation cryptocurrency
really would require.
It's a major overhaul and there are already people doing this, you know,
there's the Solanas and the harmony ones and the Kardos Neos and all these other
guys.
And they have billions of dollars and huge dev teams and all these innovative
protocols. If you're really serious about this thing, sticking around,
being useful in doing stuff,
then the point of the video was to show the types of things you'd have to think
about and the types of papers that are all open source, patent free,
and don't have any notion of intellectual property behind them that his
engineers could grab and go and do.
And he did mention on Twitter that he was looking for feedback on how to improve
doge. And so I said, all right, well, I'll just put all these things together.
It was a little tongue in cheek because I figured he'd ignore it. Uh,
but it was also showing how hard it is to innovate in this tire space. You know,
you don't just go and say, I'm going to go build a battery power car or rocket,
or enter a new industry. It's really hard to do that.
You spend years and lots of effort.
You have to do series of small learning steps.
You have to pick up destroyed rockets on the side of the beach and things like
that before you get to the rocket landing itself. Well, analogously,
it's really hard to build a cryptocurrency
Satoshi probably spent years thinking carefully,
and that work was a derivative of 30 years of work and the digital assets based
starting the 1980s working its way through. So,
and then Bitcoin only did very limited things relative to what Ethereum can do
or Cartano can do and so forth. So the minute that you extend that complexity,
you're talking about years of R and D years of engineering effort that needs to
be done. So what's the point of doge? Is it just a meme? Uh,
is it actually contending to be useful or is it a competing as a store value
against Bitcoin? Now, if it's competing as a store value against Bitcoin,
why the hell does it have the monetary policy?
It does also there's predatory distribution of the underlying asset.
And over 90 some percent is consolidated less than 1% of the holders for dose,
for doge coin at a very, very low price point.
So they can sell at almost any price point and make a profit. So, you know,
it hits 50 cents. They're they're billionaires, and,
and it's not like 20,000 people.
It's probably less than a hundred wallets that have that distribution.
So there's this existential ticking time bomb.
That's in dojo that once the guys who were vested start selling,
they can just keep selling.
It keeps selling it right at all the way down and make windfall profits,
regardless of what price they sell out.
And who are they selling against the retail investors? You know,
people make $500 spare money a month or something like that.
And it bothers me because I see it in my community. So I live in Longmont,
Colorado,
and I was at a restaurant and I was talking to the waitress and she asked me
what business I, and I said, I'm in the cryptocurrency space. And she's like,
what is that? And I started explaining all of it. And she says, oh yeah,
I own some doge coin. I said, you want anything else? No, no.
I just bought them too. Why did you buy doge? Oh, it's not yelling,
keep tweeting about it. And I thought it was a good deal, you know?
So when you see stuff like that, where people have no clue what they're doing,
they don't really understand the supply dynamics,
the ownership dynamics and these types of things. And then when the clock stops,
you know, they're, they're the ones who get hurt.
And then the regulator comes in and the Elizabeth Warren's of the world and they
say, see, this is an evidence. These guys can't regulate themselves,
control themselves. We need to control everything either let's ban it,
or let's just announce that the only three are legitimate. And, and, you know,
every one of them has to be connected to identity and raw.
And I'm just very concerned that that's a bad thing to do.
And that's why I've been so vocal about this topic.
And my hope is that a compromise can be made where real developers come in and
they start working on doge and they find a way to create some sort of use and
utility for it. So at least it has a value floor and the, you know.
Is it possible for Cardona and dose going to work together somehow?
Yeah, that'd be a lot of fun. Uh, you know, I,
I'm not adverse to the idea of cleaning up the code base,
but legitimately whoever comes in be two years or three years of work, you know,
cause you have to do real stuff.
And that code is like light coin circa 20 12, 13.
Well, the interesting thing about Ian,
I've got to interact with him quite a bit.
That combination of humor and extreme ambition,
like in the face of the impossible odds is something he does really well.
And so I think that's the spirit of Dorsch coin is
fun and almost like bold,
ambitious innovation. And so I think you can't discount the power of that.
But where's the innovation what's the, this is step one.
What's going to Mars for coach coin.
Well, I mean he came, he came in the same way to, uh,
to rock as he came in the same way with, uh, two, uh, two electric cars.
It was seemed impossible at first,
but you step in and you solve the problems first principles one at a time, but.
I'll tell you a little bit on this because I think he had some trends though,
that he was very smart to recognize the case of battery power cars. He said,
hang on, everybody has tablets and cell phones and these other things.
And there's an incentive to make batteries better, faster, cheaper,
and charge faster. And that's connected to mobile computing.
So we're regardless if you want battery power cars or not every year,
you have billions of dollars of R and D being pushed to force this capacity to
evolve. And he's just getting on the train and piggybacking on that.
So that was a brilliant business acumen to recognize that in the case of SpaceX,
it was just obvious question. If every time you get on a plane,
you have to throw the plan away. No one would fly.
So reusability is like a fundamental thing that if you solve that,
you've now opened space up to a complete new class of commercialization.
I don't see the problem in doge coin because if he was looking for it,
then why not look at a real platform actually trying to solve a real problem.
There are so many of them, there he is. He throw a rock,
he can hit 15 of these guys and they'd all die to work with you and Musk.
Yeah, it was very interesting. I mean,
so first I could continue pushing back on your intuition about, uh,
electric cars and batteries and so on. I don't think it's,
it's more obvious in retrospect than it is in, um, at the time I would say,
because I would agree with you on the batteries front.
I wouldn't necessarily get really with the electric car because first of all,
nobody's started a successful car company from, for decades.
But it was the loyalty, the four guys or whatever it was with GM.
They didn't want to give them back when they had the lease program.
There's some basic intuition that there is some hunger here,
but it's not obvious that you can do it successfully and would relaunching
rockets for cheap. That's not, that sounds good on paper, but to do it well,
NASA is spending way more money for this. And, uh, uh,
the Russians were not selling any rocket. Like you said,
you have to do it all yourself from scratch. How do you build the team?
How do you do, uh, how do you launch rockets? When if you fail a few times,
you're going to go bankrupt, right? I mean, it's just,
business-wise I would rather build a nap, like angry boats.
I got this launch rock. You've got to give him credit. He got folders for balls.
Thank you for that. But I don't, I maybe that's what I mean.
I think there's not enough first principle thinking on the cryptocurrency side.
I think I agree with you on that,
but there's some aspect to which the seriousness of the cryptocurrency
world is paralyzing. So in some way,
the innovation that you spoke to requires, uh,
taking risks requires not taking everything so seriously,
like being afraid to take those bold risks in the space of ideas,
not in the space of financials. So in that way,
I think that's one pro for Bitcoin is,
um, there's room. It's hungry for innovation,
but I think Cardona in that same way as hungry for innovation,
just because you said with some more rigor, formalism behind it,
uh, and even the Ethereum has a, has a hunger for innovation.
That's where Bitcoin is a little bit more, um,
I would say conservative in terms of how much innovating they're willing to do,
uh,
in terms of the incentives they built into the systems for the evolution of the
cryptocurrency. But yeah, I mean,
it's difficult to psychoanalyze why Dorsch coin is the thing that excites Ilan
so much, but at the same time, there's some power to the fun.
It sounds ridiculous to say, but the fun, the, this,
this idea that, um, you know,
the most entertaining outcome is the most likely, right? It,
there could be something built into the physics of the universe that makes that
true because you know, the,
the viral nature of fun.
As power, it's a neural science thing. We liked dopamine.
We like these, these chemicals in our brain, you know, and we have fun.
We want more of it.
So you tend to gravitate towards work activities and play activities that are
enjoyable to you. And, uh, it,
it is nice sometimes to kind of come in and troll an entire industry. Yeah.
I can imagine he's probably having the time of his life is the same as like, uh,
taking Tesla private at four 20. Yeah. That kind of stuff.
And it's one thing when you do it with friends,
it's another thing when you deal with a whole industry and it hurts people
financially. Uh, and also I understand he, he hates short sellers and there's,
there's some things there and I can't speak for him because I only know the guy
from a distance. It's just,
I live in this space and I have to deal with the consequences and clean up the
mess. You feel the pain.
Yeah.
And it results in a regulatory event. It's like,
I'm the guy who has to put on a suit and go to Washington and go and sit in a
Senate inquiry and all this stuff. And he's the guy that, you know,
just like laugh with his friends about how he crashed the crypto market and how
easy it was to do it. And that's, that's my only, uh,
umbrage about this on the other hand, you know, if it brings a lot of cool, new,
interesting things and people into the space, that's a net positive. And so,
you know, it's not university bad or universally good.
And I like to give people the benefit of the doubt.
And so I'm really hopeful to see what comes about this recent surge of interest.
And if Elan actually puts his money where his mouth is and take some of his
enormous engineering talent and capital and starts contributing and building
something in the cryptocurrency space, be really cool to see that happen.